[Australia 2022] - Recap post and links (#1864)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/australia/2022/news/thank-you-recap.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html
:banner: _static/conf/images/headers/venue.png

.. post:: Dec 15, 2022
   :tags: recap, thanks, {{year}}, australia-2022

Conference highlights and thanks to the community!
--------------------------------------------------

G'day everyone,

The Write the Docs Australia team is now emerging from the post-conference recovery period, and we wanted to send out a quick message to thank everyone for helping to make our 2022 Australia online conference such a success.
We appreciate everyone who makes the conference possible: speakers, sponsors, organizers, volunteers, and attendees alike!
We're happy to share some of the highlights with you.

Conference recap
=================

> We had 95 registrations, and were happy to see folks come back after a pause (on this conference) in 2021. We had the usual mix of main stage and lightning talks, and a social event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We had almost one hundred attendees and were happy to see folks come back after the Write The Ddocs Australia team took a year out in 2021. We had the usual mix of main stage and lightning talks, and a social event.
```

The campaign will run in 3-day batches until December 31st 2022. Shipping is available from the USA or Europe.

Write the Docs Slack
--------------------

Our Slack network has really grown more this last year. Our #general Slack channel has been extra busy in the days and weeks leading up to the conference, and we hope that y’all continue the conversations throughout the year. If you haven’t joined, now is the time! 
Check out the `Write the Docs Slack`_.

.. _Write the Docs Slack: http://www.writethedocs.org/slack/

Write the Docs Newsletter
-------------------------

Our `monthly newsletter`_ is the other place to keep track of everything that is happening with the community. 
Subscribe to make sure you hear about all the conferences, meetups, job postings, and summaries of relevant conversations in our Slack.

.. _monthly newsletter: http://writethedocs.org/newsletter/

Local Meetups
-------------

We hope you continue to `build your local or online communities`_ and keep in touch with other documentarians. 
We have a number of meetups in cities across the country, and if you don’t see your city listed consider `starting`_ a meetup!

> New this year are our `Quorum Meetups`_ which are virtual and targeting large geographic areas. There’s already one covering most everyone in the US or in a similar timezone.

Reviewer: Do we want all this in here?

Author: Removed it now

To ensure that our CoC was visible and accessible, we took a number of specific steps:

- Every participant agreed to the Code of Conduct in advance during registration.
- The CoC, or a summary, was included on the conference website and Hopin Reception
- The CoC was repeatedly mentioned in our conference introduction and announcements.
- We specifically stressed that the CoC applies to all conference spaces including the social event.
- We encouraged all attendees to report any incident, even if they were not sure whether it was a violation.

None of our organizers were approached about any CoC concerns at this event.
We know that this is, in part, a reflection of the thoughtful and inclusive community that we're so lucky to have.

That being said, we're also very conscious of the fact that just because nothing was reported doesn't mean nothing happened.
If there was any personal conduct or other aspect of the conference experience that did not meet the expectations of behaviour set out in the CoC, please email us at `conduct@writethedocs.org <mailto:conduct@writethedocs.org>`_.

Ready for more?
===============

> We are already talking 2023 folks! Our `Portland conference <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/portland/2023/>`__ has announced its dates for 7-9 May and CFPs are now open.

Reviewer: This too I feel is kinda heavy for an mostly Australian list?

Author: I think this update goes out to everyone WTD, so I'd leave this in, but will take out the Slack/Newsletter/local meetups sections
